in the new world where humans coexist
with a wide variety of large and savage
monsters
a hunter a warrior trained to hunt and
kill these powerful creatures
is separated from his team when their
ship is attacked by diablos
a horned subterranean monster in the
real world
united states army captain natalie
artemis and her u.n security team search
for a missing team of soldiers in the
desert
a sudden storm pulls them into a portal
to the new world where they find the
remains of the missing soldiers and
their vehicles
as the diablos approaches them the
hunter who is observing the group
fires a warning signal impervious to
bullets and grenades
the diablos attacks and kills several
members of the squad
the survivors hide in a cave where they
are attacked by a pack of nursillas
everyone is killed except for artemis
[Music]
who runs into the hunter while trying to
escape
they briefly fight before grudgingly
agreeing to cooperate
artemis learns that the portals are
created by the sky tower
a structure located across the desert to
reach the tower
the hunter reveals they will need to
kill the diablos in order to cross the
desert safely
artemis learns how to fight using the
hunter's unique blade weapons and helps
him set a trap for the diablos to kill
it with nursilla venom
[Music]
the attack is successful with artemis
delivering the finishing blow
but the hunter is badly wounded
constructing a makeshift stretcher
artemis dutifully carries him across the
desert
the pair reaches an oasis populated with
herbivorous creatures called apsaras
[Music]
when a wrath allows a fire-breathing
wyvern flies by and causes the abseros
to stampede
artemis and the hunter are rescued by a
group of hunters led by their chieftain
the admiral the admiral explains that
the sky tower was built by the first
civilization to inhabit the new world
using the monsters to protect it artemis
agrees to help kill the rathalos so she
can return home
[Music]
so
in the ensuing battle artemis falls
through the portal
returning to the real world the portal
doesn't close in time
and the wrath allows emerges and begins
wreaking havoc
[Music]
artemis is able to slow it down long
enough for the hunter to slip through
the portal and deliver the fatal shot
though she has the chance to stay
artemis decides to go back to the new
world and remain with the hunters to
protect the real world from other
monsters
the admiral approaches her just before
the appearance of another flying monster
known as gormagala
he notes that as long as the portal
remains open there will always be the
threat that monsters will pass through
to the real world
artemis concludes that finding a way to
take down the sky tower is now their
primary objective
in a mid-credits scene palico the
admiral's companion
arrives to help fight the gore magola
while an ominous cloaked figure observes
the battle from the top of the tower